Sam my precious Sam okay Sam stay where
we can see you becoming parents gave
Claire and I a greater sense of purpose
every day bro we had new memories each
one sacred in its own way I know exactly
what you mean
[Music]
crazy grief counselor when Jim died I
began to notice these inconsistencies do
you remember where this was taken yeah
it's Griffith Observatory I swear I
remember taking this photograph we were
but we were in Seattle how would you
feel if you could no longer trust your
own memories you remember the children's
book when you're growing up about the
family of bears the berenstain bears
Baron Stein ste I mean they've been hard
to reach lately I just started noticing
some things like what kind of things
we're living in parallel universes can
you picture the monopoly man what's on
his face apparently it's never been the
case the Mandela effect either we're
sliding between parallel realities like
a simulation and it's glitching it do
you hear yourself right now maybe it's
in my head clear but it's not maybe none
of this is real
[Music]
what I was going on
I'm not crazy
to know the truth
what makes you think this is gonna bring
your daughter back anyway
I design games I cook this is a
simulation who if this is cold then I
can do something
it's no small thing shutting the world
down
there's something you need to understand
ideas are dangerous things
[Music]
you